Deprecate the Helioviewer Client (#6404)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/guide/acquiring_data/helioviewer.rst

> .. doctest-skip-all

Reviewer: Would it be a pain to add `hvpy` to the doc and/or test dependencies and run these doctests?

Author: Done and updated the file to pass.

> .. doctest-skip-all

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

************************
Querying Helioviewer.org
************************

The Helioviewer Project now maintains a Python wrapper around their API.
It is called `hvpy <https://hvpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__ and their documentation has several examples of how to use it.

Migration guide
===============

> If you are using ``HelioviewerClient`` and need to make the switch the following text will hopefully help you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using ``HelioviewerClient`` this guide shows to switch to using ``hvpy``.
```

> ``HelioviewerClient().data_sources`` is replaced by `hvpy.DataSource`, an `enum.Enum` that lists every known data source for Helioviewer.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``HelioviewerClient().data_sources`` is replaced by `hvpy.DataSource`, an `~enum.Enum` that lists every known data source for Helioviewer.org.
```

.. code-block:: python

   >>> import hvpy
   >>> print(hvpy.DataSource.AIA_131)
   DataSource.AIA_131

It also supports tab-complete, to find the data source you want.

``HelioviewerClient().get_data_sources`` is replaced by :func:`hvpy.getDataSources`.

.. code-block:: python

   >>> import hvpy
   >>> hvpy.getDataSources()
   {'SDO': {'HMI': {'continuum': {'sourceId': 18,
   ...

``HelioviewerClient().get_closest_image`` is replaced by :func:`hvpy.getClosestImage`.

.. code-block:: python

   >>> from datetime import datetime
   >>> import hvpy

>    >>> hvpy.getClosestImage(date=datetime.today(), sourceId=hvpy.DataSource.AIA_171)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >>> hvpy.getClosestImage(date=datetime.now(), sourceId=hvpy.DataSource.AIA_171)
```

   >>> from datetime import datetime
   >>> import hvpy
   >>> metadata = hvpy.getClosestImage(date=datetime.today(), sourceId=hvpy.DataSource.AIA_171)
   >>> hvpy.getJP2Header(metadata['id'])
   '<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>...

``HelioviewerClient().download_png`` is replaced by `hvpy.createScreenshot`, it takes the same arguments as the old method expect for ``progress`` and ``directory`` which do not exist and adds ``filename`` so one is able to save the file, otherwise it will save it in the current working directory.

.. code-block:: python

   >>> from datetime import datetime
   >>> import hvpy
   >>> screenshot_location = hvpy.createScreenshot(
   ...     date=datetime.today(),
   ...     layers=hvpy.create_layers([(hvpy.DataSource.AIA_171, 100)]),
   ...     events=hvpy.create_events([hvpy.EventType.ACTIVE_REGION]),
   ...     eventLabels=True,
   ...     imageScale=1,
   ...     x0=0,
   ...     y0=0,
   ...     width=100,
   ...     height=100,
   ...     filename="my_screenshot",
   ... )

`The documentation for hvpy has more examples of how to use it and examples for each function <https://hvpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>`__.

> If you encounter a problem with the new API, please open an issue on `GitHub <https://github.com/Helioviewer-Project/python-api/issues>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a problem with the new API, please open an issue on `the hvpy issue tracker <https://github.com/Helioviewer-Project/python-api/issues>`__.
```

Querying Helioviewer.org
************************

> sunpy can be used to make several basic requests using the The `Helioviewer.org API <https://api.helioviewer.org/docs/v2/>`_ including generating a PNG screenshot and downloading a `JPEG 2000 <https://wiki.helioviewer.org/wiki/JPEG_2000>`_ image.

Reviewer: 👍 I think this is the right approach, at least for the first couple of releases after this is removed.

Querying Helioviewer.org
************************

The Helioviewer Project now maintains a Python wrapper around their API.
It is called `hvpy <https://hvpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__ and their documentation has several examples of how to use it.

Migration guide
===============

If you are using ``HelioviewerClient`` this guide shows to switch to using ``hvpy``.

``HelioviewerClient().data_sources`` is replaced by `hvpy.DataSource`, an `~enum.Enum` that lists every known data source for Helioviewer.org.

.. code-block:: python

   >>> import hvpy
   >>> print(hvpy.DataSource.AIA_131)
   DataSource.AIA_131

It also supports tab-complete, to find the data source you want.

``HelioviewerClient().get_data_sources`` is replaced by :func:`hvpy.getDataSources`.

.. code-block:: python

   >>> import hvpy
   >>> hvpy.getDataSources()  # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
   {'SDO': {'HMI': {'continuum': {'sourceId': 18,
   ...

``HelioviewerClient().get_closest_image`` is replaced by :func:`hvpy.getClosestImage`.

.. code-block:: python

   >>> from datetime import datetime
   >>> import hvpy

>    >>> hvpy.getClosestImage(date=datetime.now(), sourceId=hvpy.DataSource.AIA_171)  # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >>> hvpy.getClosestImage(date=datetime(2022, 1, 1), sourceId=hvpy.DataSource.AIA_171)  # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
```
To stop the file returned changing depending on the date it was run 😄 . The return will need changing below too to match whatever date is put here.

Reviewer: And it might be nice to include the full output below?

Author: Added
